 Nine basic rhythm patterns  九个基本节奏型
   音乐节奏体系化：Systematization of music rhythm
   　　　我是吴胜雯的父亲，很久以前我练习单簧管和萨克斯在吴胜雯学习单簧管的时候（她上四年级）运用了我在练习的过程中建立的一个音乐学习过程中的“节奏练习体系”就是现在的“图形化的九个基本节奏型”。他的学习过程提高的很快，在学习一年的时间中就吹奏了莫扎特A大调单簧管协奏曲的第一二三乐章。。。。。。
　　　I am wu shengwen's father, and I practiced clarinet and saxophone a long time ago. When wu shengwen was learning clarinet (she was in the fourth grade), I used a "rhythmic practice system" that I established in the process of music learning, which is now the "nine basic rhythmic patterns graphically". His learning process improved rapidly, and within A year he played the first, second, and third movements of Mozart's clarinet concerto in A major...（Youdao translation）
Google（I ’m Wu Shengwen ’s father. A long time ago when I practiced the clarinet and saxophone, when Wu Shengwen was studying the clarinet (she was in the fourth grade), I used the “rhythmic practice system” in the music learning process that I established during the practice. Graphical nine basic rhythm patterns. " His learning process improved rapidly, and during the course of a year of study, he played the first two and three movements of the Mozart A major clarinet concerto. . . . . .）
    这说明节奏的系统化练习对于音乐学习尤其是乐器的学习会有很大的提高和帮助。并且节奏（型）的练习过程中同样的包含了音阶的（所有练习形式）各种练习。
This shows that systematic practice of rhythm will greatly improve and help music learning, especially musical instrument learning. And the practice of rhythm (type) also includes the practice of scales (all practice forms).
Google（This shows that the systematic practice of rhythm will greatly improve and help music learning, especially the study of musical instruments. And the rhythm (type) practice process also includes scale (all practice forms) various exercises.）
　　　这些内容是网络翻译的，不知道准确度有多少差距，希望你能明白这些新概念的节奏介绍。Youdao ：These contents are translated from the Internet. I don't know how much difference there is in accuracy. I hope you can understand the rhythm of these new concepts.
　　　Google：These contents are translated online. I don't know how much difference there is in accuracy. I hope you can understand the rhythmic introduction of these new concepts.
      图形化的《九个基本节奏型》让我们的练习更清晰、更准确、而且对于音乐作品中难点的练习很容易通过画节奏型的图型来理解，如何去吹奏（演奏），如何去表现、准确的表达旋律结构。
The graphic "nine basic rhythmic forms" makes our practice clearer and more accurate, and it is easy to understand the difficult exercises in music works by drawing the rhythmic patterns, how to play (play), and how to express the accurate melodic structure.
Google（The graphical "Nine Basic Rhythm Patterns" make our exercises clearer and more accurate, and for difficult exercises in musical works, it is easy to understand by drawing rhythmic patterns, how to play (play), and how to express , Accurate melodic structure.）
     图形化的九个基本节奏型的性质和特点：
     Graphical properties and characteristics of the nine basic rhythmic types:
    Google：Graphical nature and characteristics of the nine basic rhythm patterns:
　　　九个基本节奏型是所有节奏类型的基础节奏，它就像音乐由七个基础的音组成的那样，音乐表现过程中的所有节奏形式都是由这《九个基本节奏型》组成的。
　　　The nine basic rhythms are the basic rhythms of all rhythm types. Just as music is composed of seven basic notes, all rhythm forms in the process of musical expression are composed of the nine basic rhythms.（Youdao translation）
　　　Google：The nine basic rhythm patterns are the basic rhythms of all rhythm types. It is just like music composed of seven basic sounds. All the rhythm patterns in the musical expression process are composed of this "nine basic rhythm patterns".
　　　图形化九个基本节奏型的特点是：节奏型对应的图型都是在一拍里完成的，节奏型中有几个音节奏型对应的图型就有几条线，节奏型的音和节奏图形中的线段相对应、节奏型当中的音长对应的节奏图形的线段就长，节奏型当中的音短对应的节奏图形中的线段就短。简称：音长线长、音短线短。
　　　Google：The characteristics of the nine basic rhythm patterns are: the corresponding pattern of the rhythm pattern is completed in one beat, there are several lines in the rhythm pattern, and the corresponding rhythm pattern has several lines. Corresponding to the line segments in the rhythm pattern, the length of the rhythmic midrange length corresponds to the line segment of the rhythm pattern, and the short duration of the rhythmic tone in the rhythm pattern corresponds to the short line segment. Abbreviations: long sound line, short sound line.
　　　The sound long - （Figure line）Line segment long。
　　　The sound short-- （Figure line）Line segment short。
　　　（Youdao translation）
　　　Graphical features are: nine basic rhythm type rhythm type corresponding pattern is done in a beat, the rhythm in several corresponding sound rhythm type pattern lines, rhythm type of sound and rhythm, rhythm and corresponding line segment of a graphic model of the line segment length corresponding to the rhythm of the graphics is long, the rhythm of type short note corresponding to the rhythm of the line segment of a graphic is short. Abbreviation: long line, short line.
　　　图形化《九个基本节奏型》的节奏练习是有简单到复杂，有横向练习和纵向练习形成了网状的体系化的节奏练习内容。九个基本节奏型的各种练习囊括了音阶练习的各种形式。
　　　Google translation：The graphical "Nine Basic Rhythm" rhythm exercises are simple to complex, and there are horizontal exercises and vertical exercises that form a network of systematic rhythm exercises. The various exercises of the nine basic rhythm patterns include various forms of scale practice.
　　　（Youdao translation）：The rhythmic exercises of the graphic "nine basic rhythmic forms" are simple to complex, with horizontal exercises and vertical exercises forming a network of systematic rhythmic exercises. The various exercises of the nine basic rhythmic forms cover the various forms of octave practice.
　　　你可以想象一下没有节奏的音乐会存在吗？No。
　　　Can you imagine music without rhythm? No.
　　　认识图形化的《九个基本节奏型》
　　　Understanding the graphic "nine basic rhythm types"
　　　Understanding the Graphical "Nine Basic Rhythms"
   　　　

　　　我们把所有的基本练习都以节奏形式的要求来练习会有更多概念上的提高，而不是当我们遇到一个节奏问题才去被动地解决。
　　　nstead of passively solving a rhythm problem, we practice all of our basic exercises in the form of a rhythm.
　　　Google：We practice all the basic exercises with the concept of rhythmic form, which will lead to more new knowledge improvement, instead of passively solving when we encounter a rhythmic problem.
　　　虽然各种节奏的基本练习一直存在着，但是在这之前还没有人把音乐节奏的训练规范化、系统化的建立。
　　　Although the basic practice of various rhythms has always existed, no one has standardized or systematized the training of musical rhythms.
　　　Google：Although the basic exercises of various rhythms have always existed, no one has standardized and systematically established the training of music rhythms before this.
　　　音乐节奏体系化
　　　Systematization of music rhythm
　　　九个基本节奏型的乘法练习Google：Nine basic rhythmic multiplication exercises
　　　九个基本节奏型的横向练习 Nine basic rhythmic horizontal exercises（Transverse practice）
　　　九个基本节奏型的纵向练习 Nine basic rhythmic longitudinal exercises
　　　Google：（Nine basic rhythmic vertical exercises）
九个基本节奏型的各种组合练习 Various combinations of nine basic rhythmic exercises。   Google：Various combinations of nine basic rhythm patterns
节奏型之间没有连线的练习No linking exercises between rhythmic forms
Jz

节奏型之间有连线的练习Practice of connecting lines between rhythmic forms
Google：Linked exercises between rhythm patterns

节奏型的乘法组合有两种形式，即 没有连线的组合、带连线的组合、There are two types of rhythmic multiplication combinations, namely, combinations without connections, combinations with connections,


　　　图形化九个基本节奏型的应用 Graphical application of nine basic rhythms
　　　Graphical application of nine basic rhythm patterns

　　　慢练的时候可以把速度放慢，也可以把拍子放慢一倍。如下图：《胆小鬼》（《Scaramouche》）片段（Fragment）法国作曲家达里于斯·米约（Milhaud Darius）
　　　When practicing slowly, you can slow down the playing speed, or you can break one beat into two beats. The diagram below:
　　　Google：When you practice slowly, you can slow down the playing speed, or you can break one beat into two beats to practice. As shown below:

　　　     熟练掌握了以后用原速吹奏（演奏） 如下图
　　　After mastering the original speed, I will play (playing) at the following figure
　　　Goog :After mastering it, play (play) at the original speed as shown below
　　　

　　　复杂的旋律节奏练习通过图形化的理解会知道每一个音的位置以及旋律的走向。而使得我们的练习变得简单化。
　　　Complex melodic rhythm exercises are understood graphically by knowing the position of each note and the direction of the melody. And that makes our practice easier.
　　　Google：The complex melodic practice will know the position of each note and the direction of the melody through a graphical understanding. This makes our exercises simple.
　　　
　　　为什么我们称作《图形化的九个基本节奏型》而不是几分音符的节奏型？这是因为，如果分别以二分音符为一拍、以四分音符为一拍、以八分音符为一拍的图形化九个基本节奏型都是一样的。
　　　Why do we call it the nine basic rhythmic patterns of graphics instead of the rhythmic patterns of a few notes? This is because the nine basic rhythmic patterns are the same if they are pattered by a half note, a quarter note, or an eighth note.
　　　
　　　为什么我们称作《图形化的九个基本节奏型》而不是几分音符的节奏型？这是因为，如果分别以二分音符为一拍、以四分音符为一拍、以八分音符为一拍的《九个基本节奏型》的图型都是一样的。Why do we call it the nine basic rhythmic patterns of graphics instead of the rhythmic patterns of a few notes? This is because the nine basic rhythmic patterns are the same if they are divided into a half note, a quarter note, and an eighth note.
　　　Google：Why are we calling "Graphic Nine Basic Rhythms" instead of a few notes? This is because the nine basic rhythm patterns are the same if you take a quarter note as a beat, a quarter note as a beat, and an eighth note as a beat.

　　　非常感谢你耐心的看完我的这篇文章，希望你能提出不同看法和宝贵意见
　　　Thank you very much for reading my article patiently. I hope you can offer different opinions and valuable Suggestions
　　　Google：Thank you very much for reading my article patiently, I hope you can put forward different views and valuable opinions
　　　
　　　The nine basic rhythm patterns with the eighth note, quarter note, and half note as the beat are the same.
　　　这些内容只是节奏体系当中的一小部分。These are only a small part of the rhythm system.
